Fix typo (#1107)
solidjs/solid-docs: src/routes/solid-start/index.mdx

Before you start using SolidStart, you should have a basic understanding of web development.
This includes knowledge of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

> With SolidStart being a Solid meta-framework, we recommend knowing Solid prior to digging into these docs (or at least [taking the Solid tutorial](https://www.solidjs.com/tutorial)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With SolidStart being a Solid meta-framework, we recommend learning Solid prior to reading these docs (or at least [taking the Solid tutorial](https://www.solidjs.com/tutorial)).
```
